sql: add ADMIN CHECK TABLE description (#1031)
pingcap/docs: sql/admin.md

- `ADMIN SHOW DDL JOB QUERIES job_id [, job_id] ...`: To view the original SQL statement of the DDL task corresponding to the `job_id`; the `job_id` only searches the running DDL job and the last ten results in the DDL history job queue
- `ADMIN CANCEL DDL JOBS job_id [, job_id] ...`: To cancel the currently running DDL jobs and return whether the corresponding jobs are successfully cancelled. If the operation fails to cancel the jobs, specific reasons are displayed.

> - `ADMIN CHECK TABLE tbl_name [, tbl_name] ...`: To check the consistency of all the data in the specified table and the corresponding index. If the check is passed, the empty query result is returned; otherwise the error message `data isn't equal` is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ADMIN CHECK TABLE tbl_name [, tbl_name] ...`: To check the consistency of all the data in the specified table and corresponding indexes. If the check is passed, an empty query result will be returned. On failure, an error message will indicate that data is inconsistent.
```
Improving the language slightly, since there could be more than one corresponding index.
